README.md, before:

# Useful_3D_Models

## Aircon Vent Clip

The aircon vent clip is for a Samsung aicron "wipe blade" / flow control blade.
These tend to crack and break with age.
This part was printed in PLA and reattached with super glue using baking soda as a catalyst and to form a bonding "cement" mix around the join.

## NutriBullet Anti Protect

Disclaimer: I take no responsibility or liability for any injury and / or damage that may occur from using this part. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK
The safety clips around the NutriBullet containers tend to break off.
This simple design (v1) fits around the container and allows the user to depress the safety switches manually.
The v2 design is WIP and was intended to be glued to the container as a permanent replacement for the clips. I'm not sure if I'll ever finish this one.

## C64 1084 Monitor Switch Bracket

This part is a replacement for the 1084 power switch bracket that is used to mount the switch to the power board housing.

## PC Case Clip

A simple clip piece as a replacement for my HP Vectra Pentium case face plate


[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

Commit message:

Added samsung Fridge-door-connection-socket.scad Updated README.md

README.md, after:

# Useful_3D_Models

## Aircon Vent Clip

The aircon vent clip is for a Samsung aicron "wipe blade" / flow control blade.
These tend to crack and break with age.
This part was printed in PLA and reattached with super glue using baking soda as a catalyst and to form a bonding "cement" mix around the join.

## NutriBullet Anti Protect

Disclaimer: I take no responsibility or liability for any injury and / or damage that may occur from using this part. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK
The safety clips around the NutriBullet containers tend to break off.
This simple design (v1) fits around the container and allows the user to depress the safety switches manually.
The v2 design is WIP and was intended to be glued to the container as a permanent replacement for the clips. I'm not sure if I'll ever finish this one.

## C64 1084 Monitor Switch Bracket

This part is a replacement for the 1084 power switch bracket that is used to mount the switch to the power board housing.

## PC Case Clip

A simple clip piece as a replacement for my HP Vectra Pentium case face plate

## Fridge Door Handle Connection Socket

A replacement for a Samsung fridge door socket. This socket holds a metal clip that latches onto the metal slug that is attached to the main door.


[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa]

This work is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
